OSDOCS-16402: CQA fixes for ROSA HCP Tutorials (part 1) (#113885)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cloud-experts-custom-dns-resolver-environment-setup.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cloud-experts-custom-dns-resolver-environment-setup_{context}"]
= Set up your environment

[role="_abstract"]
You can use environment variables to ensure consistency across the commands within this lab.

.Prerequisites
* You have access to the {rosa-cli-first}.
* You have access to the AWS CLI (`aws`).
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]

> * You've manually created an AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have manually created an AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
```

To keep it parallel.

endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* You've manually created link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html-single/install_clusters/index#rosa-hcp-creating-vpc_rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[an AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)].
endif::openshift-rosa-hcp[]

> * You've configured a DHCP option set to point to a custom DNS server and set as the default for your VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have manually created link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html-single/install_clusters/index#rosa-hcp-creating-vpc_rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[an AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)].
endif::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* You have configured a DHCP option set to point to a custom DNS server and set as the default for your VPC.
```

To keep it parallel.
